This is kabc radio.
I'm geri Nichols.
Latest crime statistics,
released today, show an alarming
rise in violence.
In the last five years, homicides
in Los Angeles county are up 79%.
Robberies are up 68%.
Aggravated assault,
another violent crime,
shows an increase of 599,,
rapes have increased 61%
and lesser crimes are up, too.
Today I spoke to Los Angeles
police commissioner,
Herman Baldwin.
The fear of crime has
brought a deterioration
of our community.
It's almost as if we've
been struck by enemy bombs.
The number of citizens
killed and maimed by criminal
violence has produced in me
a great and personal resolve.
The only way we're going to win,
and make no mistake, this is a war.
The only way we'll win is
by assuming the offensive.
Positive policing is the answer.
We've got to deploy all our resources
or criminal violence will
destroy our community.
But what are the resources needed
to diminish the
alarming rise in crimes.
There are those who say
heavier prison sentences
and an increased police
facility are enough.
Yeah, I'm one of them.
There are others who believe
that prison never cured anyone.
And, judging by the rise in violence,
it never deterred anyone either.
Here comes the commercial.
Dr. Irving Clark...
I know it's your radio station,
and I sure like miss Nichols,
but I can't take this.
It's not my radio station,
I'm only the architect
for the new one.
Miss Nichols is late.
She's still on the radio.
They recorded that earlier.
Hey, there she is now.
Don't be late for dinner.
Your daughter sure ate
well last time.
- That's 'cause you're a great cook.
- For her, nothing is too much.
We won't be late.
We were supposed to be there at 10:30.
We'll make it.
The senator's aide would
not get off the phone.
Oh, and Los Angeles magazine's
gone for my idea
of a series of articles on
criminal rehabilitation.
That's great.
Hello, baby.
You look really good.
Hi, Carol, we're
not late, are we?
Has there been any
progress this week, doctor?
Nurse tells me she asked
for dinner on Thursday night.
That's the fifth week running
she's said a few words.
That's not much after two years.
Will she ever come back to me?
Will she ever be normal again?
You're her father, Mr. kersey.
You can only give her your love.
And your prayers, too.
I remember you liked
kites when you were a kid.
Do you still like 'em?
We haven't bought
you your ice cream yet.
You mean we haven't
bought your ice cream yet.
A man has to have some vices.
But I'll tell you what.
You choose whatever
vou want from this table.
And I'll go off and
buy the ice cream.
Look at him.
So, what he look like?
Let's do it.
- Out the way, motherfucker.
- Get out the way!
Watch out, asshole!
Go get your ice cream, man.
Asshole.
Hey!
They got his wallet!
It's nice.
- Where's my wallet?
- I ain't got it.
Guess what?
I got up to the front of the line and
discovered I'd forgotten my wallet.
This time you two come with me.
But I'm gonna have
to borrow some money.
I think we can manage that.
Carol, where have you been?
I haven't seen you
for a couple of weeks.
I thought you'd deserted me.
What happened, Paul?
Nothing.
Well you didn't forget your wallet.
You never forget anything.
I'll tell you about it later.
I could stay.
I could do the
interview another time.
The senator's
only here for a day.
If I were you, I wouldn't
miss the opportunity.
- I'll see you at dinner, okay?
- Okay.
Hey, Paul.
You coming aboard?
This is the place.
Super fine.
- Easy, my man.
- We got business.
Mike, I thought
you weren't coming.
You know I wouldn't.
Have you told Jenny? =t will.
Who is it?
I've got a delivery
for Mr. kersey.
Who from?
Who is this delivery from?
I can't rub out ten
years of a marriage.
Like it never happened.
I've got to think
of the children.
Come on! =no!
Just her, no one else here.
We wanted to give Mr.
Kersey his wallet back.
Personally.
Hey, man, look at that.
Isn't that pretty?
No! No! No!
Lady, you disturb the neighbors
and I'm gonna cut you into little pieces
and eat you for dinner.
Hey jiver,
save some for me, man!
Ah, oh, oh, yeah.
Getting it good
jiver, getting it good.
My turn now, man.
Take her in the bedroom.
Jiver, check out the
window for the man.
Woo, woo, woo!
- We can't hang in here forever.
- Hey, I want him.
Just be cool, man.
He'll come.
Nirvana, you want a bit?
Is there any left? =yes.
You wait in here,
watch for the man.
All right now, lady.
Quietly. Do it nice.
Are you hungry.
Let's see what rosaria
has for dinner.
Rosaria.
Rosarial
we're home!
Man, you...
- Smack the whore.
- Get her, man!
Let's get the fuck outta here!
Use the back!
Take her, she's seen us,
she can finger us all.
Come on,
keep moving.
Get in there, girl!
There is only one truth about
the use of the death penalty.
To show that killing is wrong.
Thank you, senator.
That was senator Robert mclean.
And this has been newsdesk, brought
to you by kabc Los Angeles.
I'm geri Nichols.
Nirvana, how long
we gonna stay here?
Ah, it's nice here.
Yeah, and we got
a nice little lady.
What are we gonna do.
Waste her?
She's seen us, she
can finger us all.
The man saw me twice, up close.
Aw, man.
We look all the same
to whitey, anyway.
He'll never pick you out, jiver.
I'm gonna fuck you lady.
You're strange.
Paul!
Paul, is that you?
Ah! Oh!
Mr. kersey, I'm
inspector mankiewicz.
I know it's a terrible time.
Any news of my daughter?
Not yet, but as soon
as we hear anything,
we'll let you know.
Mr. kersey, the
descriptions you gave
the officers about
your attackers
they're very unclear.
Is there anything you can add?
I came in this front door.
There were two men
standing there,
at least two men back there.
One of them hits me on the head
and I'm knocked unconscious.
Surely you saw one of them
before you were attacked.
Hey, I told your men
everything I know.
We understand that the same
sort of thing happened in
New York City, we ran
it down in our computer.
Yeah, that's right.
Some muggers followed my wife and
daughter home from the market.
The police there got a very good
description of the muggers, too.
But it didn't do any good.
We do what we can.
Oh.
One of my men found
this on the floor.
Honey, if they don't need
us anymore, let's go to my place.
They're going to be all night.
Mr. kersey, we just got some
news about your daughter.
How is she?
Is this your
daughter, Mr. kersey?
Mr. kersey, is that Carol?
Get some sleep, darling.
You go on back to bed.
I want to stay here a while.
I'll be along in a moment.
Unto almighty god, we
commend the soul of our sister, Carol
and we commit
her body to the ground.
Earth to earth, ashes
to ashes, dust to dust.
In sure and certain
hope of a resurrection
unto eternal life through
our lord, Jesus Christ.
Don't worry about
the new building, Paul.
It can wait.
Oh, I'll be back soon.
It's not necessary.
It is for me.
Thanks for the
use of your cabin.
This is the new model, Paul.
The department of building
and safety approved it
while you were away.
Has Elliott chosen
a building type yet.
We've drawn up what the
building might look like
in three different renderings,
so we could compare
how they'd look.
Call him up and make an
appointment and I'll run it over.
His wife'll probably
make the choice,
but we'll let him run
through the motions anyway.
Get me Mr. cass, at
the radio station please.
Our market is local news.
Fires, traffic jams, droughts.
I'm not so sure, Elliott.
We've got our awards for
international reporting.
I don't give a damn about awards.
Kbex's local news has kept us
out of first place too damn long.
You're the boss, Elliot.
If you want, we'll take them
on traffic jam for traffic jam.
Oh! See you later.
Why didn't somebody
tell me you were here?
Got some news for ya, your
building's been approved.
What's it gonna cost me?
Well, we could get it in a steel
frame and reflective glass,
it'll cost you $250 a square foot.
Wooden frame $100 a square foot.
Concrete, $150 a square foot.
All the figures are right here.
I can't believe these prices.
Welcome back.
I see you made a noisy comeback.
Hello, yeah, go ahead.
I heard you were
in the building.
I was just gonna
drop by and see you.
See you tonight.
Oh geri, you know, I don't feel like
I'm fit company for socializing.
Not yet, anyway.
Paul. Are you out there?
- Come on back!
- Okay.
Mr. kersey, 1
was at your office,
they told me you'd be here.
We were hoping you'd come down
and look at some mugshots,
see if you can pick out some of
those people that were
in your apartment.
You know, it happened so fast.
No, I don't think so.
The pictures might
jog your memory.
There really isn't any use.
My heart's desire and
prayer to god for Israel
is that they might be saved.
"If thou shalt confess
with thy mouth the lord
"Jesus and shall
believe in thine heart
"that god hath raised
him from the dead,
"thou shall be saved.
"For with the heart-"
- what are you looking for?
- Looking for a room.
No trouble here, you hear.
$50 a month.
No TV, no music after 11.
And no police, mister?
Kimble.
No police, you hear?
I hear.
Shall I join you?
Oh, it's you.
Who were you expecting?
Raquel Welch?
What brings you here?
I thought I'd come and see you.
It doesn't happen too
often these days.
Half my wardrobe"s here.
I'm getting very bored with
wearing the other half.
Geri, I'm gonna be a while.
Why don't you go on with
what you're gonna do?
I'll see you back at the office.
Thank you for calling
general lock company.
Hello, yes.
I have some locks
here that need changing.
Could you do it for me today, please?
That's them, there they are.
Let's go.
You and you, out.
Not you.
Do you believe in Jesus?
Yes, I do.
Well, you're gonna meet him.
Mr. kersey, do you
wanna join the party?
No, thanks.
Area of San Francisco
killed, three people
and wounded over one thousand.
Hello. You're in.
I've been in all night.
I called.
I haven't been
answering the phone.
Those newspaper people
keep calling ever since...
Well, I just haven't been answering.
Can I cook dinner
for you tomorrow night?
Friday night's better.
Friday night, then.
Okay, night.
Two men were shot dead in
the now vacant Hollywood
hotel on Hollywood boulevard.
Police believe the two
deaths are drug-related.
Names are withheld pending the
notification of the families.
Six, yes, six free
films to go with for your camera.
It's 9 o'clock
here in Los Angeles.
The temperature is 72 degrees.
We'll go over to
Jane Saunders for the traffic.
There's a hold-up on Hollywood
boulevard at western where
a traffic accident has
tailbacks for half a mile.
So drivers, be sure to avoid
Hollywood at western.
That's it, kiddo,
give 'em the local news.
Of course, in my case,
my car's such a mess anyway,
a few more bangs wouldn't
make much difference.
Now, here's geri Nichols with news
of an experiment in Illinois
that's taking young
people away from crime.
In Illinois state prison...
J; Over the hill and everywhere
j go tell it on the mountain
that Jesus Christ is born
j thou would not be a sinner
j; I'll tell you the reason why
j' praise the lord
j hallelujah
No! Stop! Come on.
Stop! Stop!
Stop, please, no!
I will be good.
Mary!
We're just borrowin' your mama,
motherfucker.
Don't hurt Mary.
Keep back!
No, please, please.
Hey, watch out, asshole.
Goodbye.
Hey, over here!
Hold it a minute.
Let me get this straight.
Some guy pops up out of
nowhere, he starts shooting,
and you and your wife don't
know what he looks like.
That guy saved
our lives, damn it.
Where the hell were you guys?
Giving out parking tickets?
Hold him.
All right, lady.
What did he look like?
He was uh, he was...
He was a very good citizen,
that's what he was.
He was a killer.
Now you want to stay here forever,
play it that way.
You're vital witnesses.
Now don't play games with me.
You both saw him.
Now I want a description.
He's 21.
Blonde with a club foot.
Funny, from where I was,
he was a large black man
with a red beard.
Now, you let these guys
get me to the hospital
or I'm gonna give the press
interviews you won't believe.
- Take him.
- Close it off upstairs.
I said close it off.
You know what we've
got here, don't you?
A goddamn vigilante.
My wife goes to mace class,
would you believe that?
The police commissioner's
wife at mace class
learning to spray attackers.
Now you tell me there's
a vigilante out there.
My god.
The lid"s only just
kept down as it is.
I can just see all kinds of panicked
citizens taking to the streets
if this gets out.
They'll knock off anyone with
long hair or tacky clothes.
I think that I can find him.
If we even start an investigation,
the press will hear of it.
I learn half of what goes on in my
own force from the newspapers.
Tell me...
Wasn't there a vigilante in
Boston about five years ago?
- New York.
- New York, right.
Get on to them, see
how they handled it.
It stopped there.
Well, what about this report? You've-
=t know.
The Los Angeles police
has asked for advice
on the vigilante situation.
But there's something else
you should know, sir.
Paul kersey now
lives in Los Angeles.
Are you suggesting that kersey's
out there killing again?
Paul kersey was
an interesting man,
so I kept a loose tab on him.
He worked in
Chicago for a while,
where he met an old friend of his
who ran a radio station in la.
And he transferred his
business out there.
That doesn't mean that he's
the Los Angeles vigilante.
No, sir.
But, Christ, what if he is.
Yes, sir.
If he is, and if he's caught,
the trail leads straight back to us.
We had him and we didn't prosecute.
For damn good reason.
Street crime was down 5090.
Never mind that, commissioner.
We know we'd have a martyr on
our hands if we brought him to trial,
but the fact is, we let him go.
If he's caught now, he'll tell
the world that we let him go.
I'd be disbarred.
It'd be the end of your
career, Mr. commissioner.
And you, inspector, would
not collect your pension.
And I retire this year.
It's quite simple.
We have to get him
before they get him.
We?
You.
Well, I could go to Los Angeles
in answer to their request.
And I'll try to find out if kersey's
up to his old tricks again.
If he is, I'll try to stop him.
Quietly.
Kill him?
Hi, frank, over here.
Mike, good to see you.
Frank, welcome to L.A.
Thank you.
- Gesundheit.
- Thank you.
Is this the file?
Newspaper clippings and police
photographs on Paul kersey.
Most of them, of course, are about how
his daughter and housekeeper
were killed by muggers.
We checked out every person who
suffered a loss through muggings
in the last six months,
particularly in death.
How many people did it give you?
Deaths, 96.
Seriously injured, 1,500.
Rapes, 579.
I can go on.
You tie down a
lot of men that way.
What did you do?
We tried that route.
But we gave up.
I'm going back to the hotel,
I want to lie down.
I think I caught a
cold on the plane.
And the smog
doesn't help anyway.
Hey, babe.
You're not holding
out on me are you?
Hey, one cop to another.
Would I do a thing like that?
It's all right, miss Nichols.
- How did you get in?
- It comes with the job.
You'd be amazed
at the things they teach us.
What's a New York cop
breaking into my apartment?
It's about your
friend, Mr. Paul kersey.
How do you know him?
- It comes...
- With the job.
He killed nine people in
New York City four years ago.
You're not serious.
I'm very serious.
What station are you from?
West 75th street. Ah, ah, ah.
It won't help calling anybody.
They sent you, didn't they.
Well, not exactly.
Was Mr. kersey charged
with killing nine people?
He was not.
See, the people he
killed were muggers.
Even though the public
never knew who he was,
he became a hero.
And there were those that felt
we should encourage him
to stop and leave it at that.
But now, you see,
he's doing it again.
Here, in Los Angeles.
There's no one I can
call to verify all this?
My chief thinks I'm on vacation.
You break in and tell me
vou think Paul's a murderer.
What else are you
entitled to tell me?
We think it would be
better if he stopped.
I asked him once, it
didn't seem to work.
I think maybe he'll
listen to you.
I hardly ever see him
outside of the radio station.
Doesn't it make you wonder
what he may be doing at night?
Hey, mister, got a
half hour to spare?
What's wrong you,
haven't you got one?
Fuck you.
Paul, where have you been?
I was just out. =out where?
I was with a friend.
=a man. What man?
Calm down.
Where do you think I've been?
Killing muggers.
You're crazy.
A New York cop broke
into my place tonight.
Not that...
What the hell's his
name, frank ochoa?
He said he talked to you once.
He told me that.
Yes, that's true.
That you killed muggers?
No, that he asked me not to.
Why would he ask you
not to if you weren't
doing it in the first place?
Listen, when a policeman
finds a killer, what does he do?
They arrest him.
Well, he did seem a bit odd.
Not only odd, the guy is crazy.
It's that simple.
He had a moment in his life when
he was a somebody.
He was in charge of the
vigilante killings in New York.
He was all over the
newspapers, the television,
asked a lot of questions.
The most important question
they asked him was,
"who is the vigilante?”
"Have you found the vigilante?"
Of course, he hadn't.
And me, I was one on a
long list of people
who had family killed
by the muggers.
For all I know, he might have
accused every one of them.
He became such a damn
pest that I left New York.
But I'll be damned if
I leave Los Angeles.
I'm not gonna let him
come between you and me.
I thought things had. What?
Come between us.
Hell, no.
Stay the night?
I thought you'd never ask.
Do I get a key again?
Oh, yeah.
Here, you can have it copied.
Now don't lose it, we may not be
able to get back in tonight.
Oh, I can't see you tonight.
- Why not?
- It's Judy's birthday.
I'm staying over with
her and carmella after the party.
Now who's keeping us apart?
Hello.
Frank, hi.
Mike.
I hate to ask you
this after you've been
so helpful but could you do
something for me tonight?
Yeah, go ahead what is it?
I want you to take
my car and park it
outside the front of
Paul kersey's house.
Police!
Follow the bus.
Proclaimed by god himself
in the holy scripture.
He's the prince of the
kings of the earth.
One of these days he'll
be called king of kings.
Yes, heir of the heirs,
prince of kings
is just the beginning
of his glory.
We must confess in god that
if thou shall confess the
lord Jesus with thy mouth...
You run in there
with your automobile.
You run outta gas and go
to the filling station.
You go in there on Sunday
morning and fill your car up.
Taxi!
Come on, will you?
Follow that bus.
It isn't moving.
When it moves, follow it.
What do we do now? We wait.
Achoo!
- Can I see something there?
- Stop it! Stop it!
Just let me check the color.
One second. Damn!
I really am a nice guy but
vou act like fools around me.
Now, that bus there.
I hope you got
the bread for this.
This is police business.
I ain't known
for my community spirit.
Show me some money.
Here, start with this.
Go ahead, will you!
Stop it!
Come on, leave me alone.
Give me a break, you guys.
What's down there?
=point fermin.
What's that?
One of those
historical monuments.
There's nothing there
this time of night.
You wait here.
You get the other
half when I get back.
Whatever happens, wait here.
If you hear shooting,
don't worry.
It's just target practice.
What's happening, old man?
Where you been hiding out?
Whoo!
All right, this is the shit.
Let's see the stuff.
Show the man. =this is the best.
This stuff is sweet like sugar.
Watch out!
What the fuck is going on?
Over there, man!
What the fuck's this?
Fuck it, man.
I'll be damned! You?
You stuck your neck out for me?
It was you or them.
- Did you get them all?
- One of them got away.
Get the motherfucker for me.
Our father who art in
heaven hallowed be thy name.
He's dead.
Poor bastard.
I knew he was holding out on me.
Lieutenant, over here.
Listen, I'm at point fermin in San Pedro.
We need more photographers down here.
Who blew away the cop?
I'm bleeding, man. Who did it?
No sign of the cab
that called in.
Cab service said he
was just passing by,
he didn't see anything.
They just want to
stay out of trouble.
Listen, you're
gonna die right here
if I don't hear who
killed that cop.
Nirvana. He got away.
Who's that? =nirvana! Nirvana.
Charles Wilson.
Oh, fuck!
Put out a tracer
on nirvana, also
known as Charles Wilson,
for murder.
No hurry.
How can an entrance
door cost 500,000 dollars?
Your wife is a very
expensive designer.
She wants Italian
marble, Mexican mosaic,
sculpted angels blowing horns
on either side of the doorway.
It costs a lot of money.
But here we've drawn
it up in concrete.
Even has the angels on
either side of the door.
It costs a hell of a lot less.
Why don't you ask
vour wife about it?
- She'll hate it.
- Ask her anyhow.
Let me know one way or
the other, will you?
Do you know what time
they're gonna make their move?
Ah-=-ha.
Well thanks, sergeant. Will you
please keep those calls coming in?
All right.
Hi Fred. What's happening?
There was a big shoot-out last
night at point fermin down at San Pedro.
Five people killed
including a New York cop.
Our manner department said that
the tac. Squad's been called in.
I want you glued to
those police monitors. Glued.
A man called Wilson got away
from the shoot-out last night.
The word is they may move
to take him this afternoon.
If they do, I want someone there.
We could use a good exclusive.
Say Fred, where do you get
these monitors?
We adapt them ourselves.
Lots of people do.
Happen to have a
spare one lying around?
There was one we
were gonna get rid of.
Uh...
Here, we've got better ones now but
this one still works pretty well.
A gift from kabc radio.
The tac. Squad,
they operate on this band
and they identify with 3a-90.
The truth is, their programs
are a lot more interesting than ours.
Thanks, Fred.
Yankee Charlie
available and will handle.
3a-68, subject's residence
located as 914 philmore.
Units moving into position.
5h-13, this is 3a-90.
We could use a definite 10-20.
Affirmative, 914 philmore.
Stay clear.
No units to move
until I give the word.
Squad three moving
into position, over.
5h-13, this is 3a-90.
We have eyeballed
your 10-30, over.
Has he spotted you?
Negative.
We're across the
streert from the 10-20.
Can take him now.
Hold it, he's mine.
Standing by.
3a-90, this is 5c-61.
Sir, they just entered
10-20 with two exits.
3a-46, subject lighting object.
Appears to be narcotics.
Permission to move in.
Negative.
I don't want those
women involved.
Wait till he comes out.
George, you got a cigarette?
Section 804, await instructions.
This is 3a-90. Someone just
jumped onto the roof of 914.
Confirm it was one of us, over.
How the hell do
I know who it is?
Hold your positions.
Don't give me that
shit, you fucking bitch.
Fuck off, you asshole.
I'm getting out.
Give me that stuff, you cunt!
Watch over, he's got a knife.
Cool it, the streets
are too crowded.
Hold your fire. Hold your fire!
Okay, fellas, let's get him.
Hold him down.
==
How was the birthday party?
We're getting a bit
old for birthdays.
- Have you seen this?
- Oh, yeah. I saw it.
Do you know anything about it?
No more than you do.
I understand your station,
kabc, got an exclusive this
afternoon when they caught
the guy who killed him.
I heard it in the car.
Have you eaten?
No, I drove straight
here when I heard the news.
Let's go to a
nice place tonight.
Okay, but I'd like to
freshen up first.
How long will it take you,
about an hour?
About that.
I'll pick you up in an hour.
You know, I rather liked him.
He was nutty, just like I told you.
At least they caught
the man that killed him.
See you later.
Prosecution has presented
only circumstantial evidence
that Charles Wilson was
the person that shot
and killed detective frank
ochoa on the night of may 14th.
It is proven that the
defendant attacked
several police officers on may
15th but psychiatric testimony
indicates that he was
under the influence of pcp,
a mind-altering drug.
Charles I. Wilson
was remanded to
the mclarren state hospital
until such time as the
medical examining board
finds him fit to resume
his place in society.
I suppose this is the Dr. Clark
that's gonna turn him into a little angel.
Would a normal
prison do any better?
It would keep him from killing
somebody else for a while.
Is this all the stuff that's
going into your article?
When's it come out?
I've got a couple more
sessions at the hospital.
It's due to go in
the July issue.
Do you really believe all this?
Yes, I do.
You might, too,
if you heard Clark.
You think he
could swing me over.
If you met him, you
might learn something.
Maybe you're right.
I'm so sorry to
have kept you waiting.
Dr. Clark, this is Mr. kersey.
I'm so glad you
wanted to come along.
The more people that understand
our work, the better.
I appreciate your
letting me come.
Say, doctor.
Where is the men's room?
Let me show you.
You go straight down the
hall, around the corner,
and second on your left.
Thank you.
The right.
Would Dr. Ferguson report to
the intensive care unit?
Dr. al Ferguson
to intensive care.
You're late.
Look, they gave me the cover.
How about that?
"Next month, geri
Nichols on crime
and punishment in Los Angeles."
That's terrific.
Do you think Elliott
will give me a raise?
He might give you a reduction
because of all the hours
you've spent at the hospital.
Well you've spent enough time there.
You must know the
place nearly as well as I do.
Yeah, but I'm
still not converted.
All those theories are
just that, theories.
Dom perignon?
Enjoy your lunch.
Can't be my birthday
that was last month.
And you forgot.
But that's all right.
Will you marry me?
Are you serious?
Yes, I'm serious. Jy
you're not sick?
Might be after I see the check,
but I feel fine now.
Easy, easy.
This stuff costs $3 a drop.
That was a $9 kiss.
I accept. That'll teach you.
This is the way it will go.
Next Wednesday, we'll
catch the midnight flight
to acapulco and get
married in Mexico.
And I thought you
weren't a romantic.
After the program you drive
to my place, then off we go.
Let's get smashed.
Then I want it in writing.
I know it's ridiculous.
Excuse me?
I'm looking for a
patient, Charles Wilson.
I believe he's in c block.
Is that right?
Yeah, c block,
section 6, room 30.
- It's that way.
- Thank you.
I'm Dr. Carter, court-appointed
therapist for Charles Wilson.
They don't have
vour name down here.
My appointment"s for 9 o'clock.
They usually give me a list
with doctors coming through.
I was told a Mr. Kay
would be on duty.
That's me, but I can't
let you through unless...
Well, Mr. Kay, I'm already late.
I'd like to finish up and
get home to dinner.
Now if you don't mind, would
vou please show me to room 30?
Hi, Eileen. Cook it all by
yourself, did you?
That's right.
If you don't want
to stay for dinner,
just punch 3600 to get out.
36007?
I've got to take
the doctor down here.
Enjoy the food, then.
Will Dr. dick middlemass
please go to ward 16?
Dr. middlemass to ward 16.
Do you want to use
the interview room here
or see him in the cell?
This will do.
What's that back there?
That's the electro-shock room.
Since you fellas took over,
they don't use it much.
It's all done with kindness now.
Isn't that right, doctor?
Therapy.
Call it what you like.
Okay, Wilson. You got a visitor.
Let's go. You know the routine.
Do you want me to stay?
It's not necessary.
If you need me, just pull this.
I'll get my dinner.
I said to my wife where do
vou want to go for your anniversary?
She said, "I want to go somewhere
I've never been before."
I said, "try the kitchen."
He raped and killed my daughter.
I read about it.
I'll give you three minutes
'til I ring the alarm.
You're wasting time.
To open the door you punch out-
- 3600?
- That's right.
Hey man, what's wrong with you?
You got a problem or somethin'?
What's your
fucking problem, man?
Hey, man, watch
this car, will you.
Paul.
That ends our presentation of
"music on the sweet side” for now.
But I'll be back at midnight
with some relaxing,
restful sounds for your
late-night listening.
Kabc news time at 10:30.
The murder of Charles
Wilson at mclarren hospital
has just been revealed
by authorities.
The murder took place tonight of
the man accused of murdering
New York policeman, frank ochoa.
Charles Wilson was undergoing
psychiatric treatment at the hospital.
It is not clear at this time
whether the killing was
by other prisoners but there
seems to be evidence that
a man entered Wilson's
cell disguised as a doctor.
Gang warfare downtown
Los Angeles tonight
turned into looting and
violence against the police...
Kabc radio news for
Tuesday, October the 10th.
At a press conference this
morning inspector mankiewicz
denied that two murders
in downtown Los Angeles
were the work of a vigilante.
But rumors still persist that the
spate of street killings,
by a person unknown, may be
by a citizen turned vigilante.
- My wife wants it, we'll have it.
- You got it.
You don't put up a
building every day nowadays.
Hey, Paul, we've been
pals for a long time.
Yup.
I know geri's going
must have hit you.
- Have you been drinking?
- Hey, you know better than that.
Where in the hell have you been at night?
I've called you dozens of times.
Well, I don't often
answer the phone.
It rings, sometimes I
answer, sometimes I don't,
but I'm fine.
Betty's giving a "new
building" party next Thursday.
We'd like you to join us.
I'll be there.
Are you sure you're free?
What else would I be doing?